Xhafer Rama
859-302-5175
ramax@berea.edu 
101 Chestnut St. CPO 1286
Berea, KY 40404


To Whom It May Concern:

This letter is in regards to my interest in applying for the Hedgeye Internship this coming summer. I am a multilingual, 
fast learner, and highly dependable student with a strong computer science and mathematics background. With my programming 
experience and knowledge I would be able to help with the different projects you are executing. I have the ability to 
adapt to different situations and am able to perform excellent in pressure and tight deadlines.  

During my studies at Berea College, I have had the opportunity to hone my programming skills with tools such as Python, 
C++, JAVA, CSS, HTML, PHP, phpMyAdmin, MATLAB, and mySQL. Inside the classroom I have committed myself at academic 
excellence and have made Dean’s List every semester. I have worked as a Mathematics Teachers Assistant for various 
math classes (including Discrete Mathematics). Currently I am the Supervisor of Math Lab at my college. I have been 
able to become involved with the Computer Science Club where we work on projects outside the regular coursework. The 
projects I have been working include enhancing the school website, storing important student information in databases 
such as student ID numbers, contact information, and financial aid as well as FAFSA information. Even within the Berea 
community, I have been able to be part of a Lego Robot demonstration. I was part of a team where we built lego robots, 
wrote code in such a way that they performed tasks that the audience would find interesting and persuading. This Lego 
Robot demonstration was used as a means of instilling a desire for robotics to the middle school students at the Berea 
middle schools. 

The computer science classes I have taken have helped me significantly in my career as a software engineer. I have been 
able to build websites using phpMyAdmin and MySQL. I have also built a simply chat server where multiple people are 
allowed to chat with each other. In my Data Structure and Computational Complexity classes I have been able to write code 
for many projects. Through writing these codes I have been able to master Object Oriented Programming, become better at 
developing efficient algorithms, developing ways to implement real life problems such as traveling salesman problem, 
guessing game, Rubik’s cube game, and so on. I have fallen in love with programming and having a math background has 
helped be an efficient programmer. The math has helped me learn and understand coding better and has allowed me to use 
mathematical models in coding efficient algorithms. 

Thank you for taking time to read this! I would very much love and be privileged to intern at your company, and given the 
opportunity, I would show you my skills and hard work. Renaldo, a current employee at Hedgeye, has talked to me a lot 
about the things he works on and I would love to be part of a group like yours for a summer. 

Sincerely Yours, 

Xhafer Rama. 
